WP Amazon pros a state-of-the-art
wordpress plugin that's going to help
you monetize your website's traffic so
you can make more money online so this
is the dashboard and as you can see we
have a great analytic system that tracks
all of our ads so we can see which are
the highest performing ads and which
ones we should get rid of that are not
performing very well so as you can see
we track the impressions your ad gets
the amount of clicks it gets and the
click-through rate to see what
percentage of people are clicking on
your ads and if you're an internet
marketer this is very important to track
so you can scale your success and make
more money online so tracking your ads
is very important the next page is the
manage ads page and this is where you
can create different ads and publish
them on your website so let's say for
example we're going to do a 120 x 600 AD
then we can scroll down we can create
the colors of our ad we can select a
border color and we can just create that
or we can use global settings which is
set up on the settings page so if you
have a website and you already customize
the colors on the settings page you can
check this box and it'll blend right
into your website once you have that
configured we also have a background
color if you want to change the
background color of your ad will just
leave it white you can change the price
text color if you want if you want it
red or you can have it black or darker
or dark color so you can change that and
let's go find some products to display
in our ads so for this example I'm going
to search ping pong so once we have the
keyword in then we can select an index
if we want and we'll just find an index
for ping pong we'll call it Sporting
Goods and we'll click search and then we
have some products that are going to pop
up that are relevant to ping pong so we
can sell the ping pong paddles we can
sell some ping pong balls and we can
look at this ninja paddle which looks
like it's a pretty hardcore paddle
that's pretty expensive so we can scroll
up and then we can see all our ads added
into the ad block we can also rearrange
them by dragging the ads in different
places
then that's our ad we can also add some
reviews if we want so let's say for
example we want to add a review for
these products so I'm going to go to
youtube and grab a URL of a review of
ping-pong balls just to show you an
example how that works for adding
reviews so if we search ping pong ball
reviews we can then scroll down and
we'll just click this ping-pong ball
video and copy that URL and then we can
paste it into the box for each product
you're going to want to find your own
unique URL but just for the sake of this
example I'm just going to put the same
video URL in each box so for the ad name
you can also create an ad name so i'll
call it ping pong video and we'll select
save in and now our ad is created so we
just have to find it right here and now
we have a short code that we can paste
into our content or on different pages
of our website and also we have a widget
in the appearance tab so if you go to
the widgets page we have a widget you
can add to your sidebars so then you can
select your different ads and title them
as well so this is completely
customizable and there's no coding
skills required you just have to know
how to create your ad and then you're
done so this is very powerful for
monetizing your website's traffic now I
want to show you how to add the ad into
a post if you want to do it that way so
let's call this ping-pong video and then
all we have to do is paste the short
code that we created click publish and
our ads are live so if we view the post
we scroll down we can see that we have
our ad here and when we hover over the
ad image we're going to get the review
that we paste it in the YouTube box so
you can watch youtube video reviews by
hovering over or clicking off if you
don't want to and then if the user
clicks on the check out with Amazon then
they can be directed right to the
payment page and that's when you leave
it up to Amazon and they do their job in
converting the traffic so when
you have your ads created then you're
all set to go and ready to start earning
commissions when your traffic comes to
your website we also have some settings
on the plugin so you can switch your
affiliate IDs and add your API key so if
we go to the Settings tab you can see we
and have to enter our access key our
secret key the location we have all the
supported Amazon countries in here so
that's very important we also have the
global settings that i was talking about
earlier if you want to create a custom
settings for your website you can do
that here and you check that global
checkbox to use those settings when
you're creating ads we also have no
follow and URL cloaking which is also a
great feature to have on this as well
and it's going to help you benefit when
you have this on your website so that's
it for WP Amazon pro and we're looking
forward to seeing you in the members
area